hey everyone to venture will fear back
finally once again sorry about that and
so if you haven't noticed already i am
now on a new youtube account this will
be the home for all my videos for now on
at least the ones that are video game
related and so now if my voice sounds a
dear friend that's because i have a new
microphone so good or bad i'm hopefully
good and so yeah there's that so now
today i'm going to be showing you a
little bit of what I've been working on
my friends server um this is a gumby the
subway station that connects to all the
other places on the server now I didn't
actually build this amazing structure
itself the honors go to my friend Ben
was here he is quite good with
architectural design and such me on the
other hand I am good with redstone so I
created all the low inner workings of
the place so you could say together we
make a pretty good team he's design and
I'm function and together you just make
something amazing so what I have that
sound kind of weird so what I have added
to this building is um I have a pretty
sophisticated a cart dispenser system so
let me show you how it works so
basically each of these tracks is going
in different directions to the different
places all over the server and to get a
cart you simply press this button then
the cart will drop out of the ceiling
and then you can get in press the other
button and you're off and apparently
take a bit of damage which I'm working
on that I think I know why it's doing
that
um and I can pretty much get rid of that
up pretty easily so then you know when
you arrive at the station you get out of
the cart you walk up here and the cart
disappears back into the cart dispenser
system and now works for every other
track on here you know press it card
drops sometimes it doesn't quite work I
but that's very rare and it's
unfortunate that I caught one of those
such rare occasions on video but you
know what that's I didn't mean to do
that get out of here um so yeah press
the bun the cart goes off and you know
you press the button to send the card
away to where who knows let me just get
rid of this over cart so anyways that's
how that works so let me show you how it
actually operates so I got a secret up
secret little hatch here this is the top
of it where the carts actually dispense
so um basically what happens is when you
press the call button one of the carts
just simply drops through here this is
just a little distant base trap door
that releases the carts down onto the
tracks below so I can show you uh there
we go see it just drops down there and
now at the same time another cart gets
called from storage down below so you
see it just comes up and ups right in
there and it pretty much works the same
way for each card except in the case of
some of these other places it um just
bounces off well I'll wait till it comes
up here see so you see it just if the
okay apparently someone else's releasing
carts so um oh so there we go so a
little demonstration for you of i see
ben is down there flippin bud and so
yeah so that's basically how that works
um so um now when when it's full when
all the places are occupied if for some
reason another cart was to be sent up
here that cart would then get sent back
down so prequel so down here we
basically have a little system here
we're up here is where the carts come
down from each return position so you
see it's just a piston here that pulls
it out and lowers it down and that sends
down here same for each one just links
up together and the connects here this
is for the return trek from up there and
it just goes up this hill and drops down
into a little shaft right here so as you
can see there's carts in there and
there's actually quite a few carts and
and then when you do call a car it'll
send a redstone pulse down here which
will go through this pulse limiter which
will then release a cart from up here
just drops down through this gate here
and and goes down there so yeah that's
pretty much how it works just show you
again how boom so the cart goes up there
bounces off of a couple places and then
heads back down and apparently son was
slain by a zombie and if it gets too
full it'll just bounce back down and to
this hole here so yeah that's pretty
much how it works um let me get out of
here so um so yeah that's that's how
that works and eventually this will
connect to all kinds of places all love
fur and so yeah here we have been was
here the creator of this amazing
structure and so yeah that's him that's
me and this was da Vinci wolf and cl
later goodbye folks